I'm going to tell you about the history of photography.
The first successful photograph was produced in 1827.
At first it took a long time to take a picture, so people in early photographs didn't smile.
The first photographers needed to know not only how to take photos, but also how to develop
them.
Then in 1888, Kodak introduced a camera that could be used by everyone.
It wasn't expensive.
It was easy to use, and Kodak helped customers develop the photos.
Although today we would find it big and heavy, Kodak's camera was smaller and lighter than
any other earlier cameras.
After its invention, taking photographs became a very popular hobby.
Cameras became smaller and smaller.
Cameras with computer technology were introduced in the 1990s.
There isn't even a need for printing the photos.
Today you can buy camera phones, so maybe there isn't even a need for a separate camera
at all.
The first photographer was a photographer.
The photographer was a photographer.